welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
10 by 10.
the movie starts with louis luke evans
watching a cathy
kelly riley take a seat in a restaurant
to eat lunch
he gets up and casually walks by her to
wait outside at the car park for her
she exits soon after and goes to her
yoga lessons
he parks his car next to her car and
kidnaps her when she comes out
he drives to a remote house and leaves
her in a small
10 by 10 room which appears to be a
seller
he emphasizes to her that the house is
isolated and the cellar is soundproof
there is no way to escape he tells her
that if he wanted to kill her
he already could have kathy gets her
bound hands in front of her
and attacks him when he comes to get her
for lunch
she tries to call the police on the
landline but he shoots the phone and so
she desperately tries to get free
unsuccessful she sits down to eat with
him
he asks her name but attacks her when
she answers
they fight and he overpowers her
returning her to the cellar
as he exits the cellar has made alendra
enters the house to be astonished at a
disheveled and bleeding lewis
he had forgotten to tell her to take a
day off but sends her away now
kathy lies in the cellar bleeding and in
pain
he returns and questions her
she tells him she already answered him
but he keeps asking for details of her
past life
insisting that she is lying he continues
to press her
and she changes her story she said she
studied english and owns a flower shop
but now admits having studied medicine
flashback to a public trial where
several people have died
it transpires that kathy is actually
natalie
twin's sister to kathy who killed
herself after their father
cheated on their mother with a
cheerleader for the football team he
worked for
lewis watches a movie where he cradles a
baby
in the meantime kathy tries to call the
police on a mobile phone she had hidden
he rushes in to ask her about the
charleston deaths
one of whom was his wife alana matthews
lewis
he accuses her of murder since his
wife's blood was full of the rape drug
ghb
she apologizes for alana's death and he
simply states that he knows that she
killed his wife
he continues to watch films of his
little happy family
with his wife alana and his daughter
summer
he returns to the cellar to threaten her
with his gun
she talks about her childhood how after
their father had left
they were treated like outcasts and that
her sister committed suicide as a result
natalie tells him that she killed these
people out of vengeance for what her
father had done
but he refuses to believe his wife had
cheated on him
he looks for evidence for his wife's
cheating on videos and sees one part in
particular where her phone rings she
looks at it
impassively and ends the call
emotionally overwhelmed
lewis drives away he has a brief
encounter with police while stopped at a
lake
but he is able to quell any suspicions
in the meantime natalie tries to remove
a broken shard of floor tile to cut
open her restraints he returns to his
house
tells her she had no right to kill his
wife before he could talk to her
and demands she go to the police and
confess
she says she is now kathy and won't let
him ruin her now happy life
then attacks him with the floor shard
he bleeds strongly and tries to lock her
into the cellar again but she flees
upstairs
alondra the maid comes home with lewis
daughter
natalie shoots alondra and takes summer
as hostage
she tells him this can only end with his
and his summer's death and says
summer is not his biological daughter
since his wife cheated on him
summer bites natalie and escapes to the
cellar
where lewis finds her summer says
kathy is gone and they prepare to leave
the house
he takes the recordings from the
computer of kathy's confessions
and runs to the garage where she corners
him
she tries to stab him with a pitchfork
but he drives it upwards to take her
off balance and knocks her unconscious
soon after the police arrive and the
nightmare is over
lewis hugs summer and tells her that she
is his baby girl
his daughter thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
[Music]
videos
you